
python -m streamlit run app.py


Description for software Developer


Fresher Software Developer Job Description Template
As a Fresher Software Developer, you will be responsible for coding, debugging, and maintaining software applications according to project requirements. You will work closely with senior developers to learn best practices and gain hands-on experience in real-world projects.

Post Fresher Software Developer Job
Responsibilities
Write clean, scalable, and efficient code.
Collaborate with senior developers to design software solutions.
Debug and troubleshoot software issues.
Participate in code reviews and contribute to team knowledge sharing.
Assist in the testing and deployment of software applications.
Stay current with industry trends and emerging technologies.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
Strong understanding of programming fundamentals.
Proficiency in at least one programming language (e.g., Java, C++, Python).
Ability to work well in a team environment.
Good problem-solving and analytical skills.
Eagerness to learn and adapt to new technologies.
Skills
Java
C++
Python
SQL
Git
HTML/CSS
JavaScript
Debugging
Version Control
Problem-solving


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Description for Data Analyst - 

Job brief
We are looking for a passionate certified Data Analyst. The successful candidate will turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions.

Data Analyst Job Duties
Data analyst responsibilities include conducting full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities. They will also monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements.

Responsibilities
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Requirements and skills
Proven working experience as a Data Analyst or Business Data Analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics